basic groupBy questions : - 

Retrieve the total number of students in each department.
Retrieve the average GPA of students in each department.
Retrieve the highest GPA among all students in each department.
Retrieve the number of students of each age.
Retrieve the average GPA of students of each age.
Retrieve the highest GPA among students of each age.
Retrieve the total number of students for each instructor.
Retrieve the average GPA of students for each instructor.
Retrieve the highest GPA among students for each instructor.
Retrieve the total number of courses offered in each department.
Retrieve the average GPA of students in each course.
Retrieve the highest GPA among students in each course.
Retrieve the department with the most students.
Retrieve the department with the highest average GPA.
Retrieve the instructor with the most courses.
Retrieve the instructor with the highest average GPA among students.
Retrieve the course with the most students.
Retrieve the course with the highest average GPA among students.
Retrieve the department with the highest number of students under the age of 21.
Retrieve the department with the highest average GPA among students under the age of 21.

advanced groupby questions :- 


Retrieve the department(s) with the highest number of students enrolled.
Retrieve the department(s) with the highest average GPA among students.
Retrieve the instructor(s) who have the highest number of students enrolled in their courses.
Retrieve the instructor(s) who have the highest average GPA among students in their courses.
Retrieve the course(s) with the highest number of students enrolled.
Retrieve the course(s) with the highest average GPA among students.
Retrieve the department(s) with the highest number of courses offered.
Retrieve the department(s) with the highest average GPA among courses offered.
Retrieve the course(s) with the highest number of students enrolled under the age of 21.
Retrieve the course(s) with the highest average GPA among students under the age of 21.
Retrieve the department(s) with the highest number of students with a GPA above 3.8.
Retrieve the department(s) with the highest average GPA among students with a GPA above 3.8.
Retrieve the instructor(s) who have the highest number of courses offered in multiple departments.
Retrieve the instructor(s) who have the highest average GPA among students in multiple departments.
Retrieve the course(s) with the highest number of students enrolled in multiple departments.
Retrieve the course(s) with the highest average GPA among students in multiple departments.
Retrieve the department(s) with the highest number of students above the age of 20.
Retrieve the department(s) with the highest average GPA among students above the age of 20.
Retrieve the instructor(s) who have the highest number of courses offered with an average GPA above 3.5.
Retrieve the instructor(s) who have the highest average GPA among students in courses with an average GPA above 3.5.
