select statement assignment questions:-

Find the minimum salary among all employees.
Find the maximum age among all employees.
Calculate the average salary of employees.
Find the department with the highest number of employees.
Retrieve the first name and last name of the employee with the highest salary.
Calculate the total salary expenditure of the Finance department.
Retrieve the department name along with the average salary of employees in each department.
Find the employee(s) with the highest salary in the Sales department.
Calculate the total number of employees in the company.
Find the department(s) with an average employee age greater than 30.
Retrieve the employee ID, first name, and last name of employees who are managers.
Calculate the difference between the highest and lowest salaries in the company.
Retrieve the department name and the total number of employees in each department.
Find the employee(s) with the lowest salary in the company.
Calculate the average age of employees in the Finance department.
Retrieve the first name and last name of employees who have the same salary.
Find the department(s) where the average salary is greater than the overall average salary.
Retrieve the employee ID, first name, and last name of the oldest employee.
Calculate the total salary expenditure of each department.
Find the department(s) with more than five employees.
Retrieve the employee(s) with the second-highest salary in the company.
Calculate the average salary of employees younger than 30.
Retrieve the first name, last name, and department name of employees, sorted by department name in ascending order.
Find the department(s) where the maximum salary is above $5000.
Retrieve the department name along with the total salary expenditure in each department.
Find the employee(s) with the highest salary in each department.
Calculate the average salary of employees in the Sales department.
Retrieve the first name and last name of employees who are not managers.
Find the employee(s) with a salary above the company-wide average salary.
Retrieve the first name, last name, and salary of the three employees with the highest salaries.
